h1. Messing around with Holiday

Just some beginner level stuff messing around with "Holiday by Moorescloud":http://moorescloud.com/index.html#holiday. The goal here is just to turn the Holiday on and off, maybe with some extras.

h2. /bash

If you're feeling impatient, just run @holiday.sh@ for a set of options including the nice simple "on" and "off".

Scripts:
* @holiday-setlights-with-json-files.sh@ just does setlights taking its JSON objects from .json files. Very simple, easy starting point.
* @nrl.sh@ adds the critically important maroon and blue options not present in the standard NRL app ;)
* @holiday.sh@ has more options including sending JSON directly from the script. Uses setlights and gradient API points.

Notes:
* Edit the @HOLIDAYURL@ variable in the .sh files so they point to your Holiday (IP or hostname)
* Dependencies: curl. On PC that means you'll need something like Cygwin with the curl module installed.

h2. /javascript

Sets the lights and also does a simple visualisation of the lights.

This one's a little different as you have to put it on the holiday (to avoid CORS issues) to actually control the lights. However if you view it locally it still does the visualisation.

# Enable SSH on your holiday http://support.moorescloud.com/2013/12/how-to-ssh-into-your-holiday/
# SSH or SFTP into your holiday
# Then either...
## Open Terminal/bash shell in @/javascript/@ and use <code>scp * holiday@yourholidaysname:/home/holiday/holideck/iotas/www/apps/test/</code> to copy the files to your holiday.
## Copy the files in @/javascript/@ to @/home/holiday/holideck/iotas/www/apps/test/@ using FTP
# Browse to "http://yourholidaysname/apps/test/":http://yourholidaysname/apps/test/

h2. /node-udp

Uses "nodejs":http://nodejs.org/ and @garthk's "holiday-udp":https://github.com/garthk/holiday-udp library.

Usage:
* @npm install@
* @node on.js@ & @node off.js@ do what they sound like.
* @node chase.js@ does a simple coloured chase.
* @node holiday.js@ does on and off; plus a runner/comet effect

Notes:
* Edit the "holiday" variable in the .js files so they point to your Holiday (IP or hostname).

h2. /python

Usage:
* @python holiday.py on@
* @python holiday.py off@
* @python holiday.py hash 123456@ (where 123456 is any valid colour hash)

Dependencies:
* Python
* "requests":http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/user/install/#install

Notes:
Edit the URL in @requests.put@ to point to your holiday.
